---
layout: page
title: openbox
permalink: /openbox/
---

**Openbox is a highly configurable, next generation window manager with extensive standards support.**

###Openbox is minimal

The *box visual style is well known for its minimalistic appearance. 
Openbox uses the *box visual style, while providing a greater number 
of options for theme developers than previous *box implementations. 
The theme documentation describes the full range of options found in 
Openbox themes.

###openbox works with all your applications

Openbox lets you bring the latest applications outside of a full 
desktop environment. Most modern applications have been written with 
GNOME and KDE in mind. With support for the latest freedesktop.org 
standards, as well as careful adherence to previous standards, 
Openbox provides an environment where applications work the way they 
were designed to.

###openbox is configurable

Openbox is a highly configurable window manager. It allows you to 
change almost every aspect of how you interact with your desktop and 
invent completely new ways to use and control it. It can be like a 
video game for controlling windows. But Openbox can also be kept 
extremely simple, as it is in the default setup, meaning that it can 
suit just about anybody. Openbox gives you control without making 
you do everything.

###openbox works with other desktops

Openbox makes desktop environments better. By running Openbox inside 
the GNOME or K desktop environments, you can combine their ease and 
functionality with the power of Openbox. Your desktop becomes 
cleaner and faster, and is in your control, when you use Openbox. 

###see it in action

Here is the video that inspired me to use openbox as a standalone 
environment.  Look for the keyboard shortcuts for window snapping 
and the great minimal look

<iframe width="560" height="315" 
src="//www.youtube.com/embed/vwjSog0V7ZE" frameborder="0" 
allowfullscreen></iframe>


<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/madbox/">madbox</a>
